== Greg-social

Greg-social is a simulated social network built to enhance my Ruby on Rails skills. This is based on a project over at the Odin Project found here: http://www.theodinproject.com/ruby-on-rails/final-project?ref=lc-pb.
This will almost be a hard copy of todays version of facebook, if nothing else at least in terms of functionality

The application will take the following requirement and is built in order of appearence here:

1. Built with postgreSQL both in development and production
2. App will differ between logged in and non-logged in users and serve different front/home pages. Non-logged in users will only be able to see the sign-up page. For existing users a facebook-like timeline will be served.
3. App should have working friends system including friend requests that must be accepted.
4. The app will include the notification area, initially only counting friend requests as events.
5. Users on the app will be able create, comment and like posts
6. Users will have a profile which includes a (gr)avatar
7. Users will be able to sign up to Greg-social using their REAL facebook account
8. Automated emails will be sent on account registration and in case users forgets their passwords.
9. The app will be running on heroku and sending real emails through the SendGrid Heroku plugin.


= Extras

1. Ideally I want to add the ability for posts to be able to contain images with the paperclip gem
2. I want to style it similarly to facebook with few exceptions using bootstrap or foundation
